Little go nowhere - some actions for the game

1)Congratulations! You now have the coordinates to Maverick's exact location. You can now start your journey. The coordinates are as follows:
	32°17'54.859''N 34°50'33.761''E
2)Find your way to these coordinates – ask Joplin to locate the coordinate on your map.
3)Now you can start heading towards your destination. To prevent you from getting lost, you can use Joplin's compass.
4)You get hungry, you'd better eat before setting off on your journey. You approach one of the trees around you. You try and find fruit on it, but there is nothing growing on it. You notice a note attached to the trunk of the tree.
The note reads as follows:
  Welcome to the Maverick Inc™. Cyber-Tree Multi-Threaded Evolutionary-Compliant Consumable-Gathering-Simulated Terminal Device™. Or Tree-Terminal for short. This device allows you to select the food of your choice and have it grow especially for you, right before your eyes and in a matter of seconds, sing out cutting edge 3D printers. To choose the item you would like to eat, simply enter text into the terminal and wait for the result. Please specify any allergy restrictions or nutritional concerns. We would like to inform you that the tree-terminal has been tested on thousands of human test subjects with very few problems. If you do notice any of the following symptoms, please contact a medical professional immediately: nausea, heartburn, outbreak of rash, fever, itching sensations, sense of impending doom (extremely rare). We thank you for using out technology and wish you a wonderful day!
5) As you try to enter your desired food, the terminal sends a message:
	Due to technical malfunction, the Cyber-Tree Multi-Threaded Evolutionary-Compliant Consumable-Gathering-Simulated Terminal Device™ now supplies sandwiches only.
    Ask the terminal for your sandwich.
6) you also need water for your journey. The map shows a small river ahead, you head for the river.
7) As you reach the R.I.V.E.R, you see it is actually a large machine that dispenses bottles of mineral water, with a sign that explains that it is a Robotic Inventory of Versatile Energy Refreshments. It is now defunct, to get the water you will need to repair it. You must get the right tools to repair the machine: a pair of pliers, a screwdriver and an anti-static strap.
8) you start wondering the forest in search of the tools. On the path ahead of you you find a small piece of paper. You pick it up and notice it is a part of a letter, severely torn up:
	Dearest Alice,
	Things, I am afraid, are getting out of hand. I feel that my position in the firm is in severe danger and I fear my future here, quite literally. I am slowly being cut off of crucial resources and driven away from main projects by other CEOs.
    I fear that the only option that lies ahead is one that will greatly sadden you, my dearest, but it now seems like the only way out. When the time comes, I will unfortunately have to go into hiding, in order to continue my –
  That is all you can read from the scrap of paper. You put it in your inventory (maybe you will find the other part of it later?)
9) you find some pliers on the ground by a pile of mechanical debris. You put them in your inventory.
10)The forest may seem abandoned, but it is highly protected to prevent intruders. You notice security devices ahead that prevent you from going on. Ask Joplin to disarm the security system.
11) you find a screwdriver between the trees. You add it to your inventory.
12) on a high branch above you, you spot a robotic owl. It is watching you (or perhaps spying on you?). You try and climb to get to it, but it flies away.
13)you find an anti-static strap near a cluster of mushrooms. You add it to your inventory.
14)Now that you have all the tools for repairing the river, you can return and try and get the water.
15)you use your tools to repair the R.I.V.E.R. it now allows you to take bottles of water. Take as many as you think fit. You may not come across another R.I.V.E.R in a while.
16)you have strayed far from your route. Ask Joplin to show you the right way using the compass.
17)you notice a tunnel between the trees. It looks like a burrow of a small animal. You decide to check it out.
18)the burrow is very dark. You ask Joplin to shine a light for you.
19) in the dim light, you notice there is a small memory chip at the back of the tunnel. You examine it and add it to your inventory.
20) as you leave the tunnel, you ask Joplin to try and search the chip for data. Unfortunately, the chip is too old for Joplin to process. You will have to wait until you reach a suitable device to open it and explore what's inside.
21) it is starting to get dark and it is getting cold, too. You realise you will need a warm place to stay the night. You ask Joplin to use his Infra-red sensors and see if there are any heat sources around.
22) Joplin detects quite an amount of heat from a cluster of old machines nearby. You head that way.
23) You reach the machine cluster, there are a few large information terminals that seem destroyed, but are still not quite destroyed. Joplin tells you that you can only use them for one purpose: To stay warm or to read the information stored on their drives. 
    23a) you choose heat over data. You set your belongings by the machines and slowly fall asleep in the warmth and shelter. By morning, the power has died out. You must keep on going.
    23b) you choose to check out the information, you're sure you will find heat in another place. Joplin manages to open one of the encrypted data files that was stored on the terminal. It reads:
As decided by the committee (protocol no. 238771) Residents of the Cyber-State that refuse to engage in proactive career paths will be allowed limited access to public facilities, or otherwise asked to leave the state parameter. Full transcript of the decision and further appeals may be found in the public resource facility.
24) you ask Joplin to find another heat source for your sanctuary. He finds another, but it is far away.
25) You get hungry from your long walk, and go and request another sandwich from the trees.
26) you reach the source of heat, an old observatory. Some of the computers inside are still working, but only barely. You set your belongings by the machines and slowly fall asleep in the warmth and shelter. By morning, the power has died out.
27) you notice some old telescopes lying around the abandoned observatory. You ask Joplin if these might come in handy later. You decide to take them along and put them in your inventory.
